# Description of example StoX projects for StoX 3.5.0 (the projects are the same as for StoX 3.4.0, except for adding some translations and filtering in Example_StoX_v3.5.0_export_ICESAcoustic) :

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_acoustic-trawl_sandeel: 
- This project is a minimal acoustic-trawl project producing bootstrap estimates of sandeel in the North Sea, containing data in two strata. 50 bootstrap replicates are used.

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_export_ICESAcoustic:
- This project reads an ICESAcoustic-xml file generated by LSSS and exports ICESAcoustic-csv file after some translations and filtering.

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_export_ICESbiotic:
- This project reads an NMDBiotic-xml file (version 3.1) converts to ICESBiotic, modifies the result, and exports ICESBiotic-csv file.

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_SpeciesCategoryCatch: 
- This project reads a minimal NMDBiotic (version 3.1) xml-file and generates a table with catch weight or number per station in the rows and species in the columns (added info about the hauls in the first columns).

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_SplitNASC:
- This project is an acoustic-trawl project where the acoustic data in a mix acoustic category are split using the function SplitMeanNASC().

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_swept-area_cod: 
- This project is a minimal swept-area project producing bootstrap estimates of cod in the Barents Sea, containing data in two strata. 50 bootstrap replicates are used.

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_swept-area_cod_total_catch: 
- This project is a copy of the project Example_StoX_v3.5.0_swept-area_cod, but producing total catch estimates instead of length based estimates.

## Example_StoX_v3.5.0_swept-area_translate_maturity: 
- This project is a swept-area project reading ICESBiotic-xml file, where maturity is interpreted and reported on.
